fix(self-managed): deprecation notice for helm multiregion options (#4274)
camunda/camunda-docs: docs/reference/announcements.md

The separated Ingress Helm configuration for Camunda 8 Self-Managed has been deprecated in 8.6, and will be removed from the Helm chart in 8.7. Only the combined Ingress configuration is officially supported. See the [Ingress guide](/self-managed/setup/guides/ingress-setup.md) for more information on configuring a combined Ingress setup.

#### Helm chart - MultiRegion Failover / Failback mode deprecation

> The MultiRegion configuration in the helm chart has been deprecated in 8.6, and will be removed from the Helm chart in 8.7. This will be replaced with a set of API actuator endpoints that you would call while following the ([Dual-region operational procdure](/self-managed/operational-guides/multi-region/dual-region-ops.md))

Reviewer: I'd go with `Multi-region` as we seem to align on that wording in the docs.

I'd also consider limiting the phrasing to the `global.multiregion.installationType` option as `global.multiregion.regionId` remains, otherwise it may sound like we fully remove mutli-region support.

Reviewer: `installationType` was solely a Helm chart option to do some broker id magic and overwrite broker behaviour in case of running the operational procedure to failover / failback. The applications themselves don't know this option.

Author: yeah the current wording does sound scary. I've updated this.

> The `global.multiregion.installationType` option is used in failover and failback scenarios. This option in the Helm chart has been deprecated in 8.6, and will be removed from the Helm chart in 8.7. `global.multiregion.installationType` will be replaced with a set of API endpoints called while following the ([dual-region operational procdure](/self-managed/operational-guides/multi-region/dual-region-ops.md))

Reviewer: English is not my first language and I'm fine keeping it as is.

I'm just wondering whether it should be
```
`global.multiregion.installationType` will be replaced with
```

or

```
`global.multiregion.installationType` was replaced with
```

The later suggests that the change has already happened while the other may suggest that something may be yet to come.

Reviewer: Maybe @conceptualshark from a technical writer review.
Again, I'm fine keeping as is, not sure what's the best phrasing.

Overall, great work 🚀

Reviewer 2: If it's the case that it's already replaced and should be used in 8.6, I support updating `will be` to `was` as well.

Reviewer: @jessesimpson36, I added the adjustment in the commit: https://github.com/camunda/camunda-docs/pull/4274/commits/d6b9db64cf63c4f1471e3bd5bca264a7dfcc3d17 so we can merge this PR.

> #### Helm chart - global.multiregion.installationType deprecation
> 
> The `global.multiregion.installationType` option is used in failover and failback scenarios. This option in the helm chart has been deprecated in 8.6, and will be removed from the Helm chart in 8.7. `global.multiregion.installationType` will be replaced with a set of API endpoints that you would call while following the ([Dual-region operational procdure](/self-managed/operational-guides/multi-region/dual-region-ops.md))
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### Helm chart - `global.multiregion.installationType` deprecation

The `global.multiregion.installationType` option is used in failover and failback scenarios. This option in the Helm chart has been deprecated in 8.6, and will be removed from the Helm chart in 8.7. `global.multiregion.installationType` will be replaced with a set of API endpoints called while following the ([dual-region operational procdure](/self-managed/operational-guides/multi-region/dual-region-ops.md))

```
